Docsp 27636: Add maxDocumentLength (#375)
mongodb/docs-java: source/fundamentals/connection/mongoclientsettings.txt

     - Applies the ``ConnectionPoolSettings.Builder`` block and then sets the
       :ref:`connection pool settings <mcs-connectionpool-settings>`.

   * - ``applyToLoggerSettings()``

>      - Applies the ``ConnectionPoolSettings.Builder`` block and then sets the

Reviewer: Q: should this say `LoggerSettings.Builder`?

```suggestion
     - Applies the ``LoggerSettings.Builder`` block and then sets the
```

Author: Yes - copy paste error.

> .. _mcs-socket-settings:

Reviewer: Issue: I think some of the anchors are in the wrong locations after content was moved around

Reviewer: see the connectionpool anchor also

Author: I *think* this is because you were looking at a version before I made updates when Chris pointed that out. I checked and they all seem correct. Please let me know if I missed one.

   :emphasize-lines: 3-5
   :dedent:

.. _mcs-logger-settings:

Logger Settings
---------------

Chain the `applyToLoggerSettings() <{+api+}/apidocs/mongodb-driver-core/com/mongodb/MongoClientSettings.Builder.html#applyToLoggerSettings(com.mongodb.Block)>`__
method to modify the logging behavior of the driver.

> The following table describes all the methods you can chain to your

Reviewer: Suggestion: you can decide if this is in scope, but I think "all the methods" is awkward. 

```suggestion
The following table describes the methods you can chain to your
```

> settings to modify the driver's logger behavior:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
settings to modify the driver's logging behavior:
```

Author: I think this is correct, because it is the behavior of the logger. The logger is a specific element of the driver. 

Both could be accurate, but I went with logger for consistency with the section.

Reviewer 2: Had a couple minutes to take a look here and had a couple comments:

Question:
Wouldn't "logging behavior" be more consistent with line 380: "method to modify the logging behavior of the driver"?

.. list-table::
   :widths: 40 60
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Method
     - Description

   * - ``maxDocumentLength()``
     - Sets the maximum document length, in characters, of a single log

>        message. The default value is 1000 characters.

Reviewer: Comment: This is the only setting on this page that provides the default setting. Do you know if the other settings have default values? If so, you should make a call on how to standardize the setting descriptions throughout this page to include/not include the default

Example
~~~~~~~

> This example specifies the following logging driver behavior:
> 
> - The maximum number of characters for a single log message is set to
>   ``5000`` characters.

Reviewer: Suggestion: Since there is only one list item, condense to a sentence

```suggestion
This example specifies that the maximum number of characters for a single log message is ``5000`` characters.
```

.. _mcs-ssl-settings:

Socket Settings

> ---------------

Reviewer: mismatched anchor

Author: As per above - I think this is already fixed.

.. list-table::
   :widths: 40 60
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Method
     - Description

   * - ``applyConnectionString()``
     - Uses the settings from a ``ConnectionString`` object.

   * - ``applySettings()``
     - Uses the socket settings specified in a ``SocketSettings`` object.

   * - ``connectTimeout()``
     - Sets the maximum time to connect to an available socket before throwing
       a timeout exception.

   * - ``readTimeout()``
     - Sets the maximum time to read to an available socket before throwing a
       timeout exception.

   * - ``receiveBufferSize()``
     - Sets the socket's buffer size when receiving.

   * - ``sendBufferSize()``
     - Sets the socket's buffer size when sending.

Example
~~~~~~~

This example specifies the following driver behavior in a MongoDB socket:

- To connect to an available socket within ``10 SECONDS``
- To read from an available socket within ``15 SECONDS``

.. literalinclude:: /includes/fundamentals/code-snippets/mcs.java
   :start-after: begin SocketSettings
   :end-before: end SocketSettings
   :language: java
   :emphasize-lines: 3-5
   :dedent:

.. _mcs-connectionpool-settings:

TLS/SSL Settings

> ----------------

Reviewer: mismatched anchor

Author: As per above - I think this is already fixed.
